Loadlink Consignment Note Policy

1. (ii) Futile collection charges will apply for futile collection attempts where freight either unavailable, unpackaged or unlabelled. The applicable charges are: – $88

2. (viii) Tail lift charges are calculated and charged based on the original quote including a tail lift vehicle request. (This applies for all Carrier Partners excluding TNT). Tail Lift Surcharges: When a Tail Lift is not selected during the booking process, but it was considered necessary for the safe and efficient pickup and/or delivery of shipments with a chargeable weight of 30kg or more, the following surcharges apply to both the pickup and delivery: 30-99kg $55 (inc GST), 100-299kg $110 (inc GST), 300-499kg $154.00 (inc GST), 500kg and over $375.00 (inc GST).

3. (x) Residential collection and residential delivery charges are calculated and charged based on the original consignment being requoted using the residential ‘building type’ where applicable. When the quoting calculator does not have a Residential Surcharge applied because it is not a service, we are offering for this selected carrier partner, the following will apply: XFM $65 all inc for each Residential Collection and Residential delivery.

4. (xi) Late payment fee: If your credit account has an unpaid invoice for more than 30 days from the date of invoice, a late payment fee of $11.00 will be applied for each week that the invoice remains unpaid.

5. (xii) Sampson Express Manual Unload fee for Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide of $0.08 per KG (whichever is greater out of the dead weight or cubic weight. Cubic weight is calculated at 333kg/M3) + GST 10%. Minimum fee of $50 + GST 10%. Sampson Express manual unload fee for All Zones other than Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane and Adelaide of $0.16 per KG (whichever is greater out of the dead weight or cubic weight. Cubic weight is calculated at 333kg/M3) + GST 10%. Minimum fee of $100 + GST 10%.

6. (xiii) Manual consignment fee: $35 will be charged if our supplied electronic consignment note (emailed after booking) is not secured to your freight at the time of collection.

7. (xiv) Allied Express. An oversized residential surcharge of either $120 per hour + GST 10%, or $240 + GST 10%, per delivery under 20 kilometres from the last delivery depot, or $380 + GST 10%, per delivery between 20 and 40 kilometres from the last delivery depot will be charged for any residential collection or delivery for the following: a) two dimensions are equal to or greater than 120cm. b) one dimension is equal to or greater than 240cm.

8. (xv) Allied Express. If your freight is referenced as 'top load', OR it cannot have freight securely and squarely stacked on it, the charged height of your consignment will be recalculated at 120cm.

9. (xvi) Hunter Express - A cancellation fee of $11.00 is applicable if the booking is cancelled within 48 hours of booking, $19.80 thereafter.

10. (xvii) TNT & ‘Road Express’, 'Priority Express', 'Pallet Service' (TGE. Team Global Express), Book in request: A fee of $66 (including gst) per consignment note for each request to defer the delivery date/time beyond the standard transit time. This fee can be charged more than once per consignment and is in addition to any other applicable surcharge or fee relating to this shipment, including the existing redelivery/futile fee for every failed attempt.

11. (xviii) TNT Storage fee: Day 1 to Day 2 no storage fee will be applied for first 2 days (Day 1 is the next business day after we receive the shipment at the destination depot). Days 3 and 4: a storage fee of $77 (including gst) per consignment, per day. Day 5 Onwards: a storage fee of $110.00 (including gst) per consignment, per day. These fees are in addition to any other applicable surcharge or fee in relation to this consignment.

12. (xix) Fee for costs of debt collection services: In the event that an account is overdue or fees are otherwise payable to Loadlink Logistics by the Customer pursuant to these Trading Terms & Conditions (TTCs) and remain unpaid by the Customer as they fall due, any costs incurred by Loadlink Logistics for third party debt collection services to collect or recover the unpaid or overdue fees shall be payable by the Customer. These fees are payable in addition to the unpaid or overdue fees payable to Loadlink Logistics in accordance with TTCs.

13. • Consignment notes are to be completed clearly and correctly. If no service level is specified, Overnight Express rates will be the default service level applied.

14. • All uncrated machinery will be charged in line with normal cubic conversion rules, and with a minimum height of 1.5 metres.

15. • A surcharge for Freight Oversized Home Deliveries (“FOHD”) will apply at the rates notified in writing to the Customer and/or as published at www.loadlink.com.au

16. • In addition, prepaid satchels, stickers or prepaid consignment notes:

17. • are not to be used for Dangerous Goods or valuable items;

18. (d) The Customer must comply with all applicable laws (including the Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road and Rail, Civil Aviation Regulations and International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code) relating to the notification and/or description on the consignment note or in another written form.

19. (g) The Customer acknowledges that Loadlink Logistics may provide PODs on request (surcharge may apply), although accepts that PODs may not be available to the Customer for all deliveries. The Customer agrees that it has no right to demand a POD nor is Loadlink Logistics liable to the Customer for failing to provide a POD and it is agreed that any of the following: a statement signed by the delivery driver that delivery was made, driver’s run sheet, Personal Data Authority confirmation, Agent’s consignment note, signed label, POD run sheet or driver run book of that delivery, is deemed conclusive proof of delivery notwithstanding the absence of a POD.

20. (d) If at any time the Customer breaches the payment trading terms contained herein, cancels a pickup or order, seeks and/or obtains an alternate service provider or is in breach of any other term of this contract then Loadlink Logistics may suspend or cancel the Customer’s credit account and/or cease Services as at that date, including where Goods are in transit or warehoused awaiting delivery.