Loadlink General Terms and Conditions of Trade

1. Terms and Conditions of Trade

2. 1 Entire Agreement:

3. (a) The terms and conditions governing the relationship between Loadlink Logistics and the Customer, for any Services provided by Loadlink Logistics to the Customer are set out in full within important notices A - F in the Application for Credit Account form and the following 23 clauses. These Terms and Conditions (as varied by Loadlink Logistics from time to time) apply to all services supplied and dealings between Loadlink Logistics and the Customer unless the conditions are varied in writing and signed by Loadlink Logistics Chief Financial Officer, Director or Chief Executive Officer.

4. (b) No terms or conditions sought to be imposed by the Customer on Loadlink Logistics shall apply, and handwritten amendments to the Application for Credit Account or these conditions shall have no effect, unless authorised in accordance with clause 1(a).

5. (c) All terms, rights, conditions, warranties and guarantees implied or imposed by law as they relate to the parties or this contract shall be excluded unless expressly contained within the terms and conditions herein except any implied warranty, term or condition that would cause this clause to be void or would cause a statutory provision to be contravened if excluded.

6. (d) The Customer agrees that the terms and conditions set out within this contract shall apply to all services supplied and all past, present and future dealings with Loadlink Logistics. Loadlink Logistics shall be entitled to rely on the terms and conditions notwithstanding that the Customer may have an accrued account balance as at the date of entering into this contract.

7. (e) Nothing in this clause limits the ability of Loadlink Logistics to update its schedule of fees and charges for the Services provided to the Customer in accordance with clause

8. 3(f). The Customer warrants that the Customer is the owner of the Goods or has authority to deal with them and has all necessary rights, powers and authority to enter into this contract.

9. (g) The failure of Loadlink Logistics to take action to enforce any rights under this contract or the granting of any time or indulgence will not be construed as a waiver of those rights nor as a waiver of the rights of Loadlink Logistics to enforce its rights at a later time.

10. (h) These conditions (with the exception of any rates, which may be amended as provided for in clause 3(d) may be varied by Loadlink Logistics provided Loadlink Logistics provides 30 days written notice to the Customer. Having received notice of an amendment of these conditions, the Customer may accept such amendments by continuing to request the services of Loadlink Logistics. If the Customer does not agree to such amendments, it may terminate the contract by notice to Loadlink Logistics.

11. 2 Not a Common Carrier:

12. 3 Responsibility of Payments & Charges:

13. (a) The Customer undertakes to pay Loadlink Logistics the amount of the charges for any Services rendered, calculated at the rates set forth in our website or the rate schedule in force within seven (7) days of the date of any invoice/statement issued by Loadlink Logistics relating to such Services.

14. (b) The Customer notes and acknowledges that the rates displayed on the website or in the rate schedule are not fixed for any time period and may be increased from time to time in accordance with industry custom, external influences or at Loadlink Logistics’ absolute discretion.

15. (c) The rates and charges applicable to the Customer are those as notified in writing by way of online quotes or rates schedule, the Customer’s weekly statement of account, any one invoice issued in respect of such service, or as published from time to time on Loadlink Logistics website www.loadlink.com.au (or applicable pages located on that domain) or by any other written notice sent to the postal address for the Customer as noted in this application.

16. (d) Any increase to rates and charges is deemed to be accepted by the Customer on the earlier of (i) 7 days from the date the change was notified to the Customer by any of the means set out in clause 3(c) and (ii) 7 days from the date of statement or invoice containing the charge. If the Customer does not agree to such rate amendments, it may terminate the contract by notice to Loadlink Logistics.

17. (e) In addition to charges set out in the online pricing and or the rates schedule, the Customer shall pay Loadlink Logistics for all Additional Charges. The Customer agrees to the following incidental additional costs being charged pursuant to the applicable payment method (via either Credit card or Credit Account) from the time the event which gives rise to the costs referred below occurs: The Additional charges are as notified in writing to the Customer and/or as published from time to time on Loadlink Logistics website www.loadlink.com.au (or applicable pages located on that domain), or if none, then at the cost to Loadlink Logistics plus 5%.

18. Fees/Charges

19. (a) The Customer shall pay Loadlink Logistics for all fees rendered and any charges it reasonably incurs in respect of the Services performed.  This includes the payment of fees/charges which Loadlink Logistics is advised or agrees will be paid by a third party which then fails to so pay.  Such fees/charges shall be deemed fully earned as soon as the Goods are loaded and dispatched from the Customer’s premises, otherwise delivered by the Customer to Loadlink Logistics or Subcontractor or on receipt of Loadlink Logistics invoice whichever occurs first and shall be immediately payable and non-refundable.

20. (b) The Customer agrees that it shall not defer or withhold payment or deduct any amount from the account of Loadlink Logistics by reason of any claim it alleges against Loadlink Logistics.

21. (c) The Customer agrees to the following incidental additional costs being charged pursuant to the applicable payment method (via either Credit card, or Credit Account) from the time the event which gives rise to the costs referred below occurs:

22. (i) Redelivery charges will apply where an attempt to deliver fails due to the receiver being unavailable to sign for the item(s) if required. The applicable charges for Redelivery: Charge based on requoting from the Local Depot to the delivery address based on the dimensions, weight and Building type PLUS a $50 admin fee.

23. (iii) Incorrect item declaration charges will apply if the carrier declares the item specifics to be greater than stated in the booking. These charges will be based on the charged weight (whichever is greater out of the dead weight and cubic weight) being requoted as the dead weight and the balance calculated. Couriers Please: A length surcharge of $19.80 (including GST) for each item in between 105cm and 180cm. An additional administration fee of $7.50 will be applied for all under declared and recalculated charges. In addition to the above recalculation of under declared consignments, a $88 (including gst) admin fee, as well as any external contractor fee will be charged if any of the following 4 scenarios occur: over dead weight of 25kg per item; over cubic weight of 40kg per item (250kg/M3); over cubic weight of 150kg for multiple items per consignment; length over 1.8m. Allied Express: An additional administration fee of $11.33 will be applied for all under declared and recalculated charges. Xpress Freight Management: An additional fee of $195 (including gst) will be charged if any dimension is greater than our restricted quoted limit of 240cm.

24. (iv) If freight is under/mis-declared during the booking process, additional fees for manual handling may be charged if your freight is not compatible with our carriers sortation systems. Examples of this would be: oversized freight, items with a dead and/or cubic weight over 30kg that are not on a pallet or skid, fragile items such as jars of food, bottles of wine etc, Poorly packaged items, and unusually shaped items including tubes and flat pack freight. Manual handling of: TNT/FEDEX $20.59 incl gst. Allied Express $33.75 incl gst. per item may apply. Please note: Our quoting calculator will include the manual handling charges to the quote total if freight is declared correctly at the time of the booking.

25. (v) Direct Couriers and Sampson Express: An additional fee of $23.75 per 15 minutes to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any delays in excess of 5 minutes for couriers in loading or unloading occurring other than from the fault of Loadlink Logistics or Subcontractor. Capital Transport: An additional fee of $10 per 5 minutes to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any delays in excess of 5 minutes for couriers in loading or unloading occurring other than from the fault of Loadlink Logistics or Subcontractor.

26. (vi) Allied Express and Northline: An additional fee of $45.54 per 15 minutes to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any delays in excess of 15 minutes for couriers in loading or unloading occurring other than from the fault of Loadlink Logistics or Subcontractor. Hunter Express & ‘Road Express’, 'Priority Express', 'Pallet Service' (TGE. Team Global Express): Loading / unloading: An additional fee of $10 per 5 minutes to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any delays in excess of 10 minutes for couriers in loading or unloading occurring other than from the fault of Loadlink Logistics or Subcontractor. Xpress Freight Management: Loading / unloading: An additional fee of $30 per 15 minutes to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any delays in excess of 30 minutes for couriers in loading or unloading occurring other than from the fault of Loadlink Logistics or Subcontractor.

27. (vii) Northline: An additional Hand Loading/Unloading fee of $20.00 to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any hand loading/unloading will apply for any consignments with a total dead weight of 25kg and greater where a tail lift service has not been selected and the sender/receiver does not have a fork lift to load/unload. Xpress Freight Management: An additional Hand Loading/Unloading fee of $60.00 to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any hand loading/unloading will apply for any palletised consignments that required hand loading/unloading where a tail lift service has not been selected and the sender/receiver does not have a fork lift to load/unload.   ‘Road Express’, 'Priority Express', 'Pallet Service' (TGE. Team Global Express) - An additional Hand Loading/Unloading fee of $30.00 (per pallet) to Loadlink Logistics in respect of any hand loading/unloading will apply for any palletised consignments that required hand loading/unloading where a tail lift service has not been selected and the sender/receiver does not have a forklift to load/unload.

28. (ix) Return to sender fees are based on the original consignment details being calculated in a reversed delivery route.

29. (xx) Recovery of litigation costs incurred for overdue accounts and unpaid fees: In the event that Loadlink Logistics commences litigation to recover overdue accounts or fees that remain unpaid as they fall due in accordance with these Trading Terms and Conditions (TTCs), the Customer will be liable for any legal costs incurred in the course of the litigation commenced against the Customer to recover the overdue accounts or unpaid fees.

30. (d) Provision of credit by Loadlink Logistics to the Customer may be suspended by Loadlink Logistics at its own discretion if fees and charges invoiced are overdue or otherwise.  The Customers shall pay Loadlink Logistics interest as liquidated damages at the St George Trading Bank overdraft rate plus 5% on overdue fees or charges invoiced.

31. (h) Invoices for Services paid for by credit card will attract a credit card processing surcharge of 2.2% for American Express and 1.25% for Visa or Mastercard.

32. (i) Any discounts on charges which have been offered to the Customer are contingent upon the Customer observing and complying strictly with this contract (including payment of invoices within trading terms). Discounts to all invoices will cease to apply if payments are not made within agreed trading terms.

33. (j) Charges will be applied based on measurements of Goods taken by Loadlink Logistics and/or the third party carrier dimensioner and/or Loadlink Logistics third party carrier’s employees if measured manually and not information supplied by the Customer.

34. (k) A certificate signed by Loadlink Logistics’ Chief Financial Officer, Director or Chief Executive Officer as to the dimensioner’s reading and/or employee’s manual measurement for any freight is deemed to be accurate measurements for the freight described within that certificate.

35. (l) Additional Charge information:

36. • All accounts below a specified weekly minimum trade will attract an account keeping fee. Details of minimum values and fees can be found on Loadlink Logistics’ weekly invoice, and/or at www.loadlink.com.au.

37. • Proof of delivery (where provided) is available on our website. Loadlink Logistics can provide copies of PODs from time to time, however excessive requests (in the reasonable opinion of Loadlink Logistics) will result in a service charge. The no provision of a POD is not a valid reason to withhold payment.

38. (m) Additional Charge information for Loadlink Logistics Overnight Express (LLOE) customers (Please see your quotation/rates schedule or LLOE Additional Services sheet for further information):

39. • A minimum pick up fee will apply for prepaid, local overnight, road express and overnight express consignments. If the transport value of the entire pick up exceeds minimum pick up fee, then the minimum pick up fee does not apply.

40. • A redelivery charge will apply where an attempt to deliver fails due to receiver being unavailable or unable to sign for delivery (via either Credit card or Credit Account).

41. • Where a specific delivery time is requested for a delivery, a pre-alert charge will apply.

42. • In some country and regional areas, onforwarding charges will apply.

43. • A full listing of all miscellaneous charges accompanies your online rates or in rates schedule, and is also available on request.

44. • Overnight Express is a time critical consignment which travels by aircraft or (when guaranteed aircraft uplift to meet our delivery standards is not available), by modern safe express vehicles.

45. • Multiple Item Home Deliveries must be presented to Loadlink Logistics as a consolidated (matched) consignment and not as individual items on separate pallets.

46. • All Mattress products not collapsed into cartons (full sized inner spring mattress) must be shipped fully protected in a thick plastic inner sleeve as well as an outer carton/cardboard covering.

47. 4 Delivery:

48. (a) Goods are deemed to be in transit notwithstanding that the carriage of the Goods may have been interrupted by Loadlink Logistics and/or may have been diverted from the usual route for such carriage.

49. (b) Freight shall be considered earned as soon as the Goods are loaded and despatched. Cancellation will fees apply.

50. (c) Loadlink Logistics reserves the right to use, and may use, any method/s of carriage at its absolute discretion including road, rail, sea or air and may deviate from any usual route or method of carriage or storage of Goods and the Customer is deemed to have authorised such method/s or routes.

51. (e) Loadlink Logistics may subcontract the Services in its discretion on any terms whatsoever.

52. (f) Loadlink Logistics may charge for frustrated delivery to cover Loadlink Logistics costs and expenses thereof.

53. (b) Loadlink Logistics will not be responsible or liable for any loss of, or Damage to, or incorrect delivery of, or delay in the delivery of, any Goods (including perishable Goods).

54. (c) Loadlink Logistics will not be liable for any Consequential Loss suffered by the Customer, owner of the Goods or any other person, howsoever caused or arising.

55. (f) The Customer expressly agrees that this contract contains no clause, condition, guarantee or warranty express or implied, which would make Loadlink Logistics liable for any loss of Goods, Damage to Goods or incorrect delivery, non-delivery or delay in the delivery of Goods.

56. (g) Where:

57. • re supply of the services; or

58. • payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.

59. (j) The Customer undertakes to indemnify Loadlink Logistics in respect of any claim, loss, damage, payment, fine, expense, duty, tax, impost, or other outlay whatsoever or howsoever caused, arising directly or indirectly from the Services.

60. (k) The Customer will not tender for the provision of Services any explosive, inflammable or Dangerous Goods and will be liable for all loss and damage of whatever nature (whether foreseeable or not) arising out of the performance of Services in respect of Dangerous Goods (whether declared as such or not), occasioned by any person, including Loadlink Logistics.

61. (l) It is the responsibility of the Customer to package the Goods appropriately for the provision of the Services.

62. (m) Loadlink Logistics and/or the third-party carrier is authorised to deliver the Goods at the address given to Loadlink Logistics by the Customer and the Services will be deemed performed if at that address Loadlink Logistics and/or a third-party carrier obtains from any person a receipt or signed delivery docket for the Goods. If the nominated place of delivery should be unattended, Loadlink Logistics and/or the third-party carrier may at its option deposit the Goods at that place or store the Goods. If the latter, the Customer must pay or indemnify Loadlink Logistics for all costs associated with such storage. If the Goods are stored, Loadlink Logistics may also charge for re-delivery.

63. (o) Notice in writing of any claim intended to be made under this contract must be given to Loadlink Logistics within 14 days after the date of delivery or, in the case of non-delivery within 30 days from the date the Services should have been completed, or the Goods should have been delivered, and unless so given and made the claim however so made shall be extinguished and will not be enforceable against Loadlink Logistics.

64. • every other person (other than Loadlink Logistics) by whom the Services or any part of the Services are undertaken;

65. • all persons who are or are found to be vicariously liable for the acts or omissions of Loadlink Logistics or any person falling within this clause; and.

66. • in entering into this contract, Loadlink Logistics shall be taken to have done so not only on its own behalf but also as agent and trustee for such persons.

67. 6 Pallets:

68. (a) All services that involve the handling, exchange, carriage and supply of pallets will, in addition to these terms and conditions, be subject to the Loadlink Logistics Pallet Terms available on request and as updated from time to time.

69. (b) Loadlink Logistics and/or the third-party carrier is not required to return plain pallets the same age or quality and functional plain pallets shall be regarded as identical to those supplied regardless of age or condition.

70. Terms and Conditions of Trade

71. 7 Title and PPSA :

72. (a) The Customer grants Loadlink Logistics a general Lien and a security interest pursuant to the PPS Act in all Goods the subject of the Services and held in Loadlink Logistics possession.

73. (b) The Customer will, upon request, execute any documents, provide all necessary information and do anything else reasonably required by Loadlink Logistics to ensure that the security interest constitutes a “Perfected Security Interest” as defined in the PPS Act, in order for the interest to have priority over all other security interests.

74. (c) In the event that the Customer is in breach of these terms and Loadlink Logistics takes steps to register its interest, then the Customer agrees to pay upon demand all of Loadlink Logistics expenses and legal costs (on a solicitor and client basis) in or in connection with the registration of a financing statement or financing change statement relating to the security interest created by this contract.

75. 8 Charge and Security:

76. (a) in this clause ‘Property’ shall mean real property while the PPS Act is in force and both real and personal property if the PPS Act is repealed or no longer applies to personal property.

77. (b) The Customer hereby grants Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier a charge over all of the estate and interest in any property that the Customer owns now or in the future with respect to all monies owing or which may become payable to Loadlink Logistics in accordance with this contract.

78. (c) Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier has a lien on the Goods and all associated documents and on any goods in which the Customer may have an interest, and which may have come into Loadlink Logistics’ possession for any reason. The lien is a general lien for all monies owing, or alleged by Loadlink Logistics to be owing, by the Customer to Loadlink Logistics.

79. (d) Without prejudice to any other rights Loadlink Logistics may have under law, if charges are not paid when due, or the Goods are not collected when required or designated, Loadlink Logistics may, without notice, and immediately:

80. (e) Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier shall render the surplus (if any) of the monies arising from any sale to the party entitled thereto. Any such sale shall not prejudice or affect the right of Loadlink Logistics to recover from the Customer the balance of any charges due or payable in respect of any Services, or the detention and/or sale.

81. (f) Without prejudice to any other rights Loadlink Logistics may have under law, if charges are not paid when due, or the Goods are not collected when required or designated, Loadlink Logistics may, without notice, and immediately:

82. (g) Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier shall render the surplus (if any) of the monies arising from any sale to the party entitled thereto. Any such sale shall not prejudice or affect the right of Loadlink Logistics to recover from the Customer the balance of any charges due or payable in respect of any Services, or the detention and/or sale.

83. 9 Uncollected Goods:

84. (a) If Goods are undeliverable for whatever reason Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier undertakes to hold those Goods in safe keeping for a period of

85. 28 days. The cost of the storage shall be paid by the Customer and Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier will be entitled to retain the Goods until such time as the storage fees have been paid.

86. (b) If after the period of storage noted in clause 9(a) the Goods are not collected (and regardless of whether Services have been paid for and regardless of any notice being provided to the Customer that the Goods are being held) then the Customer authorises Loadlink Logistics (without prejudice to any other rights Loadlink Logistics may have under any legislation) to dispose of the Goods by way of public auction and apply the proceeds of disposal firstly in payment of the storage and attempted delivery (if any) fees, secondly against any auction costs and any incidental costs of Loadlink Logistics (including the costs of its employees or agents or solicitors in arranging the sale or disposal of the Goods).

87. (c) If, in the opinion of Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier, the costs associated with the sale will exceed the proceeds to be obtained from same, then the Customer authorises Loadlink Logistics to dispose of the Goods by any means after 28 days, be that by donation to charity or otherwise.

88. 10 Storage:

89. (e) All charges for storage and other Services shall be calculated in accordance with the Loadlink Logistics’ rates schedule as notified in writing to the Customer and/or maybe published on www.loadlink.com.au.

90. (f) All charges for storage shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable from time to time on demand. No accounting reconciliation (or like) conducted by Loadlink Logistics shall waive Loadlink Logistics rights to demand payment under this clause.

91. (n) Loadlink Logistics shall be entitled to subcontract any part of the warehousing in its absolute discretion and shall be entitled to move the Goods between warehouses under its control from time to time. Any requests by the Customer for the Goods to be transported or moved shall, if accepted by Loadlink Logistics, be transported on Loadlink Logistics standard terms and conditions prevailing at the time of the request.

92. 11 Recovery, Interest and Suspension of Account:

93. (a) Loadlink Logistics may, at its discretion, charge interest on overdue accounts at the rate of 6.5% above the cash rate last published by the Reserve Bank of Australia.

94. (b) The Customer will pay to Loadlink Logistics all costs and expenses incurred in the recovery, or attempted recovery, of overdue accounts including all costs and expenses payable to mercantile agents, solicitors (on a solicitor and client basis) and third parties in securing any account balance, outstanding or otherwise).

95. (c) The costs recoverable under clause 11(b) shall extend to the costs in defending actions, or advice incidental to the account, while overdue, notwithstanding that same is not categorised as debt recovery.

96. (e) If the account is cancelled or suspended then Loadlink Logistics will be at liberty to take steps to immediately recover all monies owing for Services provided or contracted without regard to credit terms.

97. 12 Credit Limit:

98. Loadlink Logistics may increase or decrease the Customer’s credit limit or cancel the Customer’s account such that all moneys become due and payable within seven days of notice being served on the Customer, at its sole discretion and without notice to the Customer.

99. 13 Change in Ownership:

100. The Customer must advise Loadlink Logistics Chief Financial Officer, Directors or National Credit Manager in writing within 1 day of any change in ownership of the partnership, business or company, including a change in shareholding of more than 25% (aggregated), together with any change in the directors, whether or not guarantors to this contract.

101. 14 Jurisdiction & Disputes:

102. (a) The Customer hereby acknowledges that this contract is made in the State of Queensland, will be governed by the laws of Queensland and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that state.

103. (b) Where a dispute arises as to the payment of the Customer’s account the Customer agrees to pay into an interest-bearing trust account of Loadlink Logistics or its solicitors all monies claimed outstanding by Loadlink Logistics before being entitled to dispute the debt.

104. 15 Chain of Responsibility Law:

105. (a) Loadlink Logistics and the Customer must comply with Chain of Responsibility Law.

106. (b) The Customer must not impose any requirement on Loadlink Logistics that would directly or indirectly encourage or require Loadlink Logistics or Loadlink Logistics Personnel to speed, drive while fatigued or otherwise perform the Services in an unsafe manner.

107. 16 Force Majeure: Loadlink Logistics will not be liable to the Customer and shall not be taken to have failed to perform its obligations to deliver the Goods if such failure is as a result of Force Majeure.

108. 17 Credit Information and Privacy:

109. (a) The Customer authorises Loadlink Logistics to share credit information regarding this contract with third parties and to conduct due diligence by contacting third parties to verify the information contained in this application, or any other document, and investigate or make enquiries from time to time with those third parties as Loadlink Logistics sees fit so to assess credit worthiness at any point in time.

110. (b) The authority given in clause 17(a) is an irrevocable authority and this contract may be used as evidence of the Customer’s consent when contacting third parties.

111. 18 Notices:

112. Any notice to be given by Loadlink Logistics to the Customer shall be deemed given if:

113. (a) sent by prepaid ordinary mail enclosed in an envelope addressed to the Customer at the address nominated on this account or his/her or its last known address. Any notice posted pursuant to the provisions hereof shall be deemed to be delivered the next business day after the date of postage.

114. (b) sent by email to the email address provided by the Customer in the Application for Credit Account or otherwise. The deemed service provisions of this clause shall apply notwithstanding any evidence of the Customer in relation to actual notice or lack thereof.

115. 19 Joint and Several:

116. If this application is completed in the name of a partnership, then the partners of that business at any one time shall be jointly and severally liable to Loadlink Logistics for any outstanding account and this will be so notwithstanding any agreement, compromise or arrangement with one or more of the partners.

117. 20 Insolvency:

118. The Customer shall be in breach of this contract if at any time it becomes insolvent, the subject of bankruptcy proceedings, enters into bankruptcy, goes into liquidation either compulsorily or voluntarily, if a receiver, receiver and manager or administrator is appointed in respect of the whole or any part of its assets, if it makes an assignment for the benefit of or composition with its creditors generally or threatens to do any of these things, or any judgment is made against the Customer or any similar occurrence under any jurisdiction affects the Customer.

119. 21 Restraint:

120. (a) The Customer, its servants and agents hereby covenant with Loadlink Logistics that it will not engage, directly or indirectly, the services of any of Loadlink Logistics’ drivers or subcontractors either during the life of this contract or within a period of 180 days from the date of termination of this contract unless express written consent is obtained from Loadlink Logistics. Such consent will not be unreasonably withheld by Loadlink Logistics.

121. (b) The Customer expressly acknowledges that Loadlink Logistics and/or their third party carrier drivers have entered into contracts with Loadlink Logistics which contain restraint of trade covenants to the effect that drivers will not either work for Loadlink Logistics clients (such as the Customer), or through another carrier, do work for Loadlink Logistics clients, for a period of 180 days after termination of their contract with Loadlink Logistics.

122. (c) The Customer acknowledges that Loadlink Logistics and/or their third-party carrier has developed its systems (which comprise confidential information) over many years and has expended money, time and resources in recruiting and training and developing its driver fleet. Loadlink Logistics will further expend money in training its drivers to do work for the Customer. It is accordingly reasonable that the Customer enters into this covenant.

123. (d) For the purposes of this clause “any Loadlink Logistics driver” means a driver engaged by Loadlink Logistics who was doing work for the Customer as at the date of termination of the contract, or has done work for the Customer at any time in the six months prior to termination of the contract, and, “directly or indirectly” means either the Customer hiring an Loadlink Logistics or third party driver directly, or engaging another transport company or person which either has hired Loadlink Logistics’ driver, or hires Loadlink Logistics’ driver prior to or shortly after commencing work for the Customer to provide the same or similar services to the Customer or otherwise establishing a means by which Loadlink Logistics’ driver does the same or similar work for the Customer or a company engaged by the Customer as that driver was doing whilst engaged by Loadlink Logistics.

124. 22 Consumer Contract and Small Business Contract: Where this contract is a Consumer Contract or a Small Business Contract, Loadlink Logistics will not rely on or exercise any rights pursuant to clauses 3(g), 3(k), 5(h), 7, 8(b), 9(c), 11(c), 11(d) or 14(b) of this contract.

125. 23 Interpretation:

126. “Additional Charges” means fuel surcharges, account keeping fees, minimum pick up fees, excessive POD requests, late fees, costs and expenses associated with delays in loading or unloading, labour to load or unload the vehicle (with same being the responsibility of the Customer).

127. “Loadlink Logistics” means Loadlink Logistics Pty Ltd (ACN 666 717 086) and each of their subsidiaries, divisions, related entities, assignees and successors.

128. “Loadlink Logistics Personnel” means the directors, officers, agents, employees and subcontractors of Loadlink Logistics. “Authority” includes any legal or administrative authority exercising any jurisdiction within an Australian state or territory.

129. “Chain of Responsibility Law” means the Heavy Vehicle National Law as enacted in any Australian state, the Road Traffic (Administration) Act 2008 (WA) and the Road Traffic (Vehicles) Act 2012 (WA) and any other Commonwealth, state or territory Law dealing with the obligations of parties involved in the transport of goods by road.

130. “Consequential Loss” means any indirect or consequential loss; loss of use; loss of product or production; delayed, postponed, interrupted or deferred production; inability to produce, deliver or process; loss of profit, revenue or anticipated revenue; loss of bargain, contract, expectation, goodwill, reputation or opportunity; punitive or exemplary damages; in each case arising from or in connection with the performance of the Services and whether or not foreseeable at the time of entering into this contract or at the time a request for Services is made.

131. “Consumer Contract” means a contract within the meaning of that term as defined in section 23 of the Australian Consumer Law (Cth).

132. “Customer” means the person named on page 1 of the Credit application form, or if an existing account holder, the person holding that account or any person to who services are supplied by Loadlink Logistics.

133. “Damage” means physical damage and includes deterioration, evaporation and contamination.

134. “Dangerous Goods” includes Goods that have been classified as dangerous in the Australian Code for the Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road and Rail, goods that are ‘dangerous goods’ within the meaning of that term under the Civil Aviation Act 1988 (Cth) and Goods that are or may become noxious, dangerous, flammable or damaging to persons , property or environment or that may harbour or encourage vermin or other pests, or that are or may become liable to harm any property whatsoever.

135. “Force Majeure” means acts of God, lightning, earthquakes, cyclones, floods, landslides, storms, explosions, fires and any natural disaster, acts of war, acts of public enemies, terrorism, public disorder, riots, civil commotion, malicious damage, vandalism, sabotage, explosions, nuclear accidents, strikes, labour disputes and other industrial disturbances, any road closure or congestion of roads, any quarantine or customs restriction, any interruption of power supply or scarcity of fuel or any accident, collision or breakdown of a vehicle, crane, machinery or equipment.

136. “Goods” means the cargo accepted from the Customer and includes any container or packaging supplied by or on behalf of the Customer.

137. “Hire Equipment” means Chep pallets, Loscam pallets and cages, and any other equipment hired for the purpose of transporting freight.

138. “POD” means proof of delivery of the Goods.

139. “PPS Act” means the Personal Property Securities Act 2009 (Cth).

140. “Services” means the whole of the operations and services undertaken by Loadlink Logistics or any person on behalf of Loadlink Logistics Express for the Customer in respect of the Goods (whether gratuitously or not), including loading, unloading, packing, handling, unpacking and storage of the Goods, towing a trailer and the provision of any advice.

141. “Small Business Contract” means a contract within the meaning of that term as defined in section 23 of the Australian Consumer Law (Cth). In these terms and conditions:

142. (a) a reference to laws includes statutes, regulations, proclamations, orders, bylaws, requirements and approvals;

143. (b) a reference to a person is to be construed as a reference to an individual, body corporate, unincorporated association, partnership, joint venture or government body;

144. (c) headings are included for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these conditions;

145. (d) words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa and words importing a gender include other genders;

146. (e) where a word or phrase is defined, other parts of speech and grammatical forms of that word or phrase have corresponding meanings;

147. (f) wherever ‘include’ or any form of that word is used, it will be construed as if it were followed by ‘(without being limited to)’;

148. (g) terms used have the same meaning as under the PPS Act;

149. (h) if any provision of this contract is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision will, to the extent that it is invalid, illegal or

150. unenforceable, be treated as severed from this contract, without affecting the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions; and

151. (i) all indemnities survive the termination or expiration of any agreement incorporating these conditions.

152. Loadlink Logistics Pty Ltd (ABN 39 666 717 086) Page 2 of 2

153. Head Office, Unit 45, 211 Brisbane Road, Biggera Waters QLD 4216.